now it's no secret that ifixit has been
a long time sponsor of our channel and
we use their kits for all kinds of
things from repairing phones to building
computers to i mean i'm sure someone in
this building has picked their nose with
an ifixit kit
that doesn't necessarily mean that an
ifixit kit is the be-all and end-all of
tool kits in fact some of you have
suggested to us
that you can actually build your own
ifixit kit for much cheaper on
aliexpress so that
is exactly what i tasked anthony with
this
is what we're calling
the ifuxit kit we changed one vowel and
we're gonna walk you guys through how it
compares to the brand name ifixit kit
for half the price mac weldon's silver
line of underwear shirts and socks are
naturally antimicrobial which means they
keep you from smelling so bad use offer
code tech tips 20 to get 20 off at the
link below
[Music]
okay so let's start with
what's in a typical ifixit protect tool
kit you got a few of their astonishingly
bendy
like pride tools
you've got one of their suction cups
you've got an esd
wrist strap
you've got some esd safe tweezer like
reverse tweezers you've got a couple of
little grabber tweezer doodads you've
got
ah these are great so these are their
spudgers so these are pry slash poking
tools you can use these to like pop off
a wi-fi antenna or whatever else you've
got this metal pry tool
you've got there uh i forgot they call
this something knife jimmy jimmy yep
jimmy tool
and then you get their 64-bit driver kit
which has the extension
the driver handle and then a whole bunch
of different bits that we've used to
take apart everything from a nintendo ds
to a computer monitor pretty much you
name it you can take it apart with one
of these and a guide on ifixit.com but
the thing is that none of this stuff is
really that unique oh i missed the
guitar picks which are literally
guitar picks except blue with an ifixit
logo on them like you can get a lot of
this functionality elsewhere
so let's try to do just that anthony
hit me with what you found all right
well the screwdriver kit is obviously
the most important part for what most
people call the most important part
and this here is the uh i think it's
called alouette the alouette so you know
what this actually reminds me a lot of
the older ifixit kit so it's got these
little rubbery bases that all of the
bits go into like that
it's got a really different looking
extension and the driver itself is quite
different from either revision of the
ifixit but
feels okay the rubberized grip is not
bad
this isn't metal this is plastic um so
it does feel a little less
you know
the quality
um
but is this a ratchet i can't really
tell i don't know what this is doing you
know you want
yeah
oh interesting
so there's a couple cool features of
this guy then now this won't necessarily
help you get into some of the tight
spaces that i've had trouble right with
the ifixit kit because the way to the
only way to extend this one out of the
box anyway
is to take the hex driver that's just
the same size as the uh as the bits and
then you can get a little bit of extra
length now one other thing that they
actually removed that they used to have
on the old ifixit driver
is this hex hole through the top that
you can use to jam something in it and
then get a little bit more leverage if
you if you don't have enough from the
rubberized grip they removed that from
this revision and that is something that
i missed from the old one now the last
thing that
i'm not that pleased with is the variety
of the bits here
there's just not nearly as many bits and
some of the really obscure ones like
security torxes are simply not present
so for those of you not familiar a
security torx has a hollowed out middle
so that you can use it to remove
security torx screws all right so that's
our screwdriver oh wait hold on i want
to see if there's anything else
interesting here three torxes up here
with the two tri-wings and then
a uh
um like a phillips a female phillips
with a hex on the end that's kind of
interesting so you could use your
screwdriver to something something i
guess uh there's one pentalobe bit
that i can see the uh the springy thing
here it actually works at
like very extreme angles so like you can
actually do like 180 degrees here that
looks like a much smoother action there
much smoother action there it's
cross-compatible these use the same
diameter i believe oh handy
so if you liked certain components of a
different kit or you just needed a
top-up of bits or whatever else yep all
right so you're saying this is by far
the most expensive part of our diy kit
how much is this yeah it was about
12 13
oh
that is called the jake me i like this
and i actually like that it's a little
bit longer and doesn't taper quite as
much it feels a little more secure in my
hand so how much does it jake me the
jake me costs two dollars and 42 cents
u.s great value recommended cordless
wrist strap
be a bro
wear an anti-static strap so basically
as we
conduct to the metal screw that's in the
top through the resistor
we will
we will dissipate some static build up
i really wouldn't count on this though
so the few things that i've seen that
actually test these out yeah
show that it is basically no different
than if you're not wearing one got it
[Applause]
so the ifixit spudger actually doesn't
go quite so thin at the tip this one's a
little worn but that's not the entire
reason why it's so dull at the end so
i'm gonna pick a spot okay got my spot
and i'm gonna just
bend it back hopefully without hurting
myself so i can bend that back 90
degrees with my hands
spudger
same spot
not a freaking chance
like
this
i don't care how much it cost i wouldn't
price something with this because i'd
probably end up hurting myself you know
i'm going to give a pass to the
screwdriver set because i think it's a
great value it's not an ifix's kit but
so this is ifixit this is the off-brand
one
and
in terms of strength
i'd say not quite but the blade is a
little thinner and there are times when
that might have actually been handy for
me
it's nice that i get all these other
options now i don't typically like to
use metal tools for prying because you
tend to leave marks in the casing of
whatever it is you're trying to take
apart but this curved one here it's got
quite a lot of strength to it you can
really get some leverage on that
depending how much this whole kit is
even if i had an ifixit kit i'd probably
run out and grab one of these just for
this guy and then these other similarly
bent ones you got a nice wide one here
and then a more pointed um but wider
like really strong tip here that you
could really put some force on i really
like
uh these extra ones that come with it
yeah so this one cost three dollars and
seventy five cents u.s for those strong
strong recommendations for these ones
so i've got the ifixit ones in my right
hand
and i've got our off brand i fix it in
my left hand here and you can see that i
fix it includes this sort of broader
tweezer that i actually find myself
using an awful lot just to pick up a
screw that i've dropped that's
non-ferrous or whatever the case may be
but really my main criticism of the
ifixit angled one is that the tip if you
try to do any real grabbing or prying
anything forceful with it they do bend
quite easily
and
so that's you know where these can
really stand out to me yeah my ifixit
kit at home i ended up breaking off the
tip of the angled ones because they're a
little bit
you know less sturdy
now it's not a direct replacement for a
broader
grippier like more of a grabber and i
still want one of those in my tech tool
kit but uh
i'm liking these yeah these get a pass
how much are they
a dollar eighty-one heck yeah next round
let's go for
these your suction cups
these are garbage
okay i actually had an off-brand suction
cup i lost my ifixit one that's from my
kit a while back so i was using an
off-brand one to try and pull the screen
off and unless you have a really
good suck
uh you you can't apply enough force to
lift up the adhesive uh just uh for your
reference though those suction cups were
1.55 for 50.
cool not even worth it as for the rest
of the stuff in here first we've got our
off-brand pry tool now these are really
really impressive i absolutely love
these i think they're one of the
highlights of ifixit's kit
and this
one is not
now the handle itself seems fine but
there is no way
i'd be able to snap one of ifixit's pry
tools
bend yes
break
absolutely not these things are
fantastic
and this is no substitute
i can't believe i forgot to talk about
ifixit's lifetime warranty though so if
your spudger from them did this
then they'll send you a new one and
that's something that you won't get if
you're ordering random stuff off
aliexpress so i think the conclusion
then of this video is something i wasn't
really expecting there's not a clear
winner here
what we do know is that piecing together
your own electronics tool kit
could yield actually better quality than
what you get from ifixit at a similar or
even better price
but the other thing that we've
discovered is that unless you can find
lots or very reputable reviews
of the things you're buying
it's quite likely that even though
you're paid half the price
half of what you ordered or more
might not actually be usable or of
sufficient quality compared to what
you're getting from the name brand
toolkit yeah it's a real roll of the
dice
okay i was sort of expecting a more
clear winner or loser
but we don't have that
so hopefully you guys enjoyed the video
anyway you'll find links to where to buy
all the stuff that we feature today in
the video description but the only ones
we're really recommending
are the tweezers
if you need that kind of tweezers the
screwdriver kit if you don't need all
the bits that are included with the
ifixit kit these pry tools and
the jake me these ones i really like
these are absolutely going in our
workshop immediately today's sponsor is
massdrop featuring the nuforce adc3
in-ear monitor so these are the big
brother of absolute sounds 2017 earphone
of the year they swap out the originals
single dynamic driver for three balanced
armatures in each ear they've got a
lightweight translucent housing that
shows off all the sexy internals the new
tuning is a little more neutral but
still retains a rich sound and you can
wear them at home in the office at the
gym anywhere that's
kind of the idea with in-ear monitors
they come with two removable braided
cables and you can join the drop at the
link in the video description
so thanks for watching guys if you
disliked this video you can hit that
button but if you liked it hit like get
subscribed or maybe consider checking
out where to buy the stuff we featured
at the links in the video description
also down there is our merch store which
has cool shirts like this one
lttstore.com
and our community forum which you should
totally join we don't have shirts like
that one anymore unfortunately
unfortunately this one's pretty it's old
school yeah did you just pick that up
out of like the the swag pile or just i
haven't found it in like the walk the
the warehouse or something i thought
you're gonna say in the washrooms i
originally was going to say the washroom
i don't know why um quick question
though yes if you could tell ifixit to
copy any of this
what would you say to copy
this guy for sure
a greater variety of prying tools in
general is something i think they could
improve on and it's not really any
better here but a better suction cup is
another thing that i'd really like to
see them improve overall though i mean
we've worked with them for a long time
that's not an accident i've been using
ifixit tools since before they were even
a sponsor and i really i like their
stuff because there's that consistency
yeah whatever it is that i need to do i
know that the tool they've included is
good enough
maybe it's not the best
but it's definitely
not just complete garbage
exposures aren't supposed to do that